Create documentation, add extra example, and refactor `bridge.js` (#4)
teamortix/golang-wasm: ARCHITECTURE.md

# Golang-WASM Architecture

> Please note that Golang-WASM is still in its initial stages of development and is not at a stable version yet. SemVer will be used when v1.0.0 is released and changes are expected to be potentially breaking and unstable.

> This file gives a mile-high view of the Golang-WASM project and how the different parts interact with each other. We strongly recommend all contributors to read this, as well as [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started with development. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file gives a mile-high view of the Golang-WASM project and how the different parts interact with each other. We strongly recommend all contributors to read this, as well as [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) before getting started with development. 
```

Go-WASM has 2 primary parts to the project.

* The Go WASM [bindings](./wasm) and `syscall/js` superset to improve type safety when working in Go. 
* The JavaScript caller and wrappers, and the Webpack loader a which can be found in the [src](./src) folder.

## Go WASM Bindings

The Go WASM bindings has three main goals,

> 1. Make type checking a nonissue for development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make type checking a non-issue for development.
```
Missing hyphen.
